<span id="tuesday"><em>Tuesday 5 Novembmer 2013&mdash;</em></span> Yesterday was our last pair-programming project; I worked with *Ben Watts* on a little chat server in Node using WebSockets. I felt like perhaps there was something regrettable about shoving so much functionality into a big callback, but maybe that's just the nature of JavaScript, and not really regrettable at all? On Sunday I started my RSS-aggregator capstone project, now called Superscription.

<span id="thursday"><em>Thursday 7 Novembmer 2013&mdash;</em></span> I guess Superscription is going okay. Here's how it works. You can sign up and sign in and stuff. (I used [Devise](http://rubygems.org/gems/devise) for this rather than rolling my own.) There are forms for adding a category or a subscription URL. When you add a URL, stuff happens which depends on stuff. More specifically, if you enter a URL which the system has never seen before, then a new <code>Subscription</code> model (which [<code>accepts\_nested\_attributes\_for_</code>](http://apidock.com/rails/ActiveRecord/NestedAttributes/ClassMethods/accepts_nested_attributes_for) an associated <code>UserSubscription</code> join model) is created, and it requests the feed from the URL you supplied and tries to parse the XML using [Nokogiri](http://nokogiri.org/). If that doesn't work, it suggests that maybe you got the URL wrong, but if it *does* work, then it makes a bunch of Entry objects for all the stories in the feed, saves everything, and redirects you to your subscription index page. But if the system has already seen your URL before (presumably from another user with similar reading tastes), then it doesn't wastefully fetch all that data again: it just makes a new UserSubscription that points to you and your Category and the Subscription that it already has. It's efficient! Then when you click the "Read!" button (which is non-hideously positioned thanks to nearly an hour of fighting the CSS), all your news is organized by category under [Bootstrap tabs](http://getbootstrap.com/javascript/#tabs). And on the subscription index page, when you click the little trash can next to a subscription, then it does [the cool jQuery fade-out thing](http://api.jquery.com/fadeOut/) and sends an Ajax request telling the server to destroy that UserSubscription.